feat: add WASM v2 example (#4)
wasmkwokwizardry/kubecon-na-2024: wasm-extension-regex-plugin/README.md

and executed through the [kube-scheduler-wasm-extension](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kube-scheduler-wasm-extension) project
and visualized via the [kube-scheduler-simulator](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kube-scheduler-simulator) project.

## v1

> This version is the basic version of the plugin. It gets called via the `Filter` method and receives the pod and node. It checks for the `scheduler.wasmkwokwizardry.io/regex` annotation on the pod and uses its value as a regex to match the node name. If the node name does not match the regex, it returns an `Unschedulable` status to let the scheduler know that the node is not a valid candidate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the basic version of the plugin. It is triggered by the `Filter` method,
receiving both the pod and node as parameters.

The plugin checks for the `scheduler.wasmkwokwizardry.io/regex` annotation on the pod,
using its value as a regex pattern to match against the node name.
If the node name does not match the specified regex,
the plugin returns an `Unschedulable` status to indicate that the node is not a suitable candidate for scheduling the pod.
```
